Add composer require to sulu upgrade docs (#640)
sulu-io/sulu-docs: upgrades/upgrade-2.x.rst

these upgrades should be unproblematic, because backwards compatibility is only broken when it is really necessary to
fix a bug. The upgrade process consists of the following steps:

1. Update the sulu/sulu package
-------------------------------

> The ``sulu/sulu`` package implement the functionality of the Sulu content management system. Execute the following
> command in the root folder of your project to update it to the version you want.
> 
> First you should specify to which version you want to upgrade to, by running the following command
> by replacing ``~x.x.x`` with a valid version string like ``~2.2.7``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ``sulu/sulu`` package implements the functionality of the Sulu content management system. To update this package, you need to update the version constraint for the package in the ``composer.json`` of your project. 

To do this, you can replace the ``~x.x.x`` with the a version constraint like ``~2.2.7`` and execute the following
command in the root folder of your project:
```

.. code-block:: bash

    composer require sulu/sulu:"~x.x.x" --no-update

> After this all dependencies should be updated with the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After this, you can update all dependencies of your project by executing the following command:
```

not fit your project.

3. Check the UPGRADE.md file for BC breaks
------------------------------------------

The `UPGRADE.md file`_ in the ``sulu/sulu`` repository contains all changes breaking backwards compatibility
between different versions. These changes might break your application if you have used the changed part of Sulu
in a specific way.

In a majority of cases, the changes should not affect your project because backwards compatibility is only broken
when it is really necessary to fix a bug. However, if something goes south, this file should contain an explanation
what to change.

4. Update the Admin JavaScript build
------------------------------------

Our administration interface requires a built version of its JavaScript code in the ``public/build/admin`` folder of
the project. The JavaScript code might be adjusted between different versions to fix bugs or implement new features.
When upgrading the project, you need to update the build to match the new Sulu version.
To simplify this step, Sulu provides a command to update the JavaScript build in the project:

.. code-block:: bash

    $ bin/console sulu:admin:update-build

.. note::

>     For other ways to build the admin interface see :doc:`../cookbook/build-admin-frontend` documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Have a look at the :doc:`../cookbook/build-admin-frontend` documentation if you want to update the 
    JavaScript build in the project without using the ``sulu:admin:update-build`` command.
```
